A complete waste of the then barely-tapped talents of Ice-T and Ice Cube, who've each proven many times over that they are capable of acting, and acting well.
First of all I hate those moronic rappers, who could'nt act if they had a gun pressed against their foreheads
The only two black people that can act is the homeless guy and the junkie but they're actors by profession
the acting took a back seat to each man's overpowering regional accent and transparent acting
She is an attractive, versatile, well trained Italian actress and clearly above the material.
He gives a very good performance.
The acting in it was pretty pathetic.
I couldn\'t stand the awful acting
You\'ll get to see the less than stellar cast of three
some of the supporting performances are quite awful.
play something he can really pull off like a bad actor. 
capable actor
Nick Cage who be brilliant in a role as a bad actor.
Nicholas Cage turns in an excellent performance as usual
The acting is abysmal
actress has about as much range as an oven--she turns on, she turns off.
he has zero acting ability. His lines are priceless due to his absurd delivery.
Overall, the acting in this film tends to be extremely broad and very melodramatic.
The actors weren't to bad.
The acting is simply horrid.
acting isn't very good
terrible performances. All the acting is appalling.
Performances are all over the place.
The actor does some great impressions.
No acting at all. The acting in this film was terrible.
s for the LEADING MAN...what a lead!
The atrociously shallow performances don't help.
literally one facial expression throughout and can't even put inflection on the right words.
The dialog was often delivered with almost no inflection or feeling.
good actor, but he is not good at playing the bad guy. He is better at comedy and nervous drama characters
the acting is truly awful.
acting skills just aren't great.
The actors were either positively wooden or way over the top.
The acting isn't great either, and Wayne is very wooden and he, along with the rest of the cast, look like wooden puppets who are being conducted by someone
