room clean nice.
We moved to the 1st floor the next day and within minutes found a centipede on the wall and15 flies.
beds comfortable.
Hotel seemed clean. 
Room seemed clean but it smelled very musty.
The room smelled as soon as you walked in. Smelled very humid.
comfortable bed pillows.
bed comfortable woke stiff neck high pillows. 
The rooms were clean and comfortable- good shower, light and airy rooms with windows you could open wide. Beds were comfortable.
The room was very clean.
DON'T stay here unless you're less than 2 feet tall or like sleeping with centipedes.
The bed is only accessible from one side. If you placed your head in the skylight on the other side you might able sit up. 
The bathtub was impractical with broken shower head. 
lobby restroom was not clean
This is an older property but it is super clean, never saw a bug anywhere!
Later in the day the receptionist we asked for something to control the bugs.
room and bathroom was cleaned every day with fresh towels supplied each day.
The room smelled bad. Not very clean to say the least.
Rooms are a little on the small side.
Room was tiny-bed saggy-bAthroom door didn't work.
The pillows were way too soft without pillowcases. 
The king size bed was the most uncomfortable bed I had slept in for decades. I honestly thought I was sleeping on a sheet of plywood.
I really enjoyed the cleanliness, as I own a cleaning service.
The mattress was so soft my back was aching.
The shower was brand new, and our room was extremely clean.
Comfy, modern accomodation.
the room was clean and a good size.
Our room, while quite large (we had an accessible room), had two ACs that did not de-humidify the room. It felt damp/humid the whole stay
Very clean.
However bed was extremely uncomfortable and sheets were not soft
Only downside was that hotel room was a bit dusty... not unclean but bedside lamp had dust on base.
Room was clean and spacious.
The beds were very comfy as were the pillows.
The rooms are clean. The bed is comfortable.
The quarters are cramped.Lovely comfortable,well lit.
This place is very clean, rooms have all been recently upgraded. Big comfortable bed.
he room was fine and the mattress was very comfortable.
The linens were harsh and uncomfortable.
The most comfortable bed ever!
Sheets were filthy, jacuzzi was freezing with bugs in it.
The room was new and clean. The beds were very comfortable.
The bedding was clean the pillows are great.
Room was incredibly clean and comfortable.
The room was clean, spacious, and the bed was extremely comfortable.
The problem was with cleanliness. Our room was not clean enough.
We got the room with 2 queen beds and they were so comfortable! I have a very bad back and they had such comfort and support.
Hallway was dirty but the roomwas very clean and comfortable.
Rooms are very small, especially for a family of 4. Beds were not very comfortable and the bathroom was also small 
they had the most comfortable beds I have slept in at a hotel!