beer is awesome food is fantastic
I rate it s food as best in the brewery category
quality as well as quantity of the food is disappointing.
Everything we ordered for food was delicious
but the beers were not so great.
The beer is definitely good Toit hands down has amazing beer but this too is really really good
Biryani tasted very well it was up to the mark.
Fresh good food
Taste 6 10
The beer is good but have had better. 
Best mutton samosa fries kebabs and again beers.
scrumptious food
Food is delicious looks could improve but the taste is great
The quantity was less than expected but the taste blew us away.
i am just impressed with the quality of food and beer
nice foods like pizza pasta
the food isnt that great maybe it is still too early to tell
nice beer also 
they have lot off variety 
fresh beer
Guys this is the best beer 
The food was delicious too.
most amazing cocktails in the town
Tried the buffet there on a Saturday afternoon.
the food was yumm
Non veg starters are too good.
Didnt like the dessert options there.
Food was delicious .
Indiana jones pizza was awesome.
Best place be it is Fod or Drinks
The buffet had good variety and their selection is seafood was really good.
food was not that great
Starters were amazing speciallly the mushrooms and fish. 
Mocktails are worth a try. 
The main course was just OK while post starters not much is left to have on main course
Food 4 5
The food is good.
Their brewed beer is also nice.
The next time we went in search of some north indian food. Well it stood upto the expectations.
I am very impressed with the food served at Burma Burma. 
As a lover of non vegetarian food I almost never eat a pure vegetarian meal when I go out but if the food is like what is served here I d do it more often. 
They have some really good collection of teas and are super accurate about how long it should be steeped with a sand timer. 
Everything was delicious and not to mention healthy.
it s a vegetarian place
To my delight the food was AMAZING... 
The twist in the receipe were just perfect my taste buds were dancing.
Burmese becomes my hot new favorite not to forget the vegetarian part
The food was picturesque and well presented but the taste couldn t live upto it I have had some of these items before in my life .
When the perception created by the presentation can t be fulfilled the experience falls apart. 
Love the creative use of ingredients but not the flavours.
We ordered Lotus stem crisps addictive to the core you can t stop munching Pan fried rice dumplings bit oily but delicious nevertheless Khow suye bursting with flavour and must must try. Orange infused Oolong set at 5 min sand tea timer very aromatic
Really tasty food with eclectic choices. 
As per most of the reviews here tried the oh no khow suey which was exceptionally tasty. The samosa soup was also good.
The drink was good with an unusual combination of cherry watermelon rose and cranberry and was also quite refreshing. 
The starter was also good.
Desserts were mouth watering. Starters were amazing including both veg and non veg.
The khao suey we ordered was the best dish we had
This was quite a filling meal.
Beautiful ambience and especially the small little details they have made using souvenirs from Burma adds a charm to this place.
the food was okay okay .
the cocktails however we re pretty good
We ordered a few drinks and then we ordered senorita pizza which was basically marghertia pizza and was pretty good. And then we had chili cheese spring roll and it tasted so yummy and was crisp to perfection.Then we had Nachos and Mac cheese both tasted so yummy probably one of the best Mac and cheese I ve had has to be here .
Meals, its wholesome and refereshing with diverse menu
Good food
taste of food was bad
taste of food was good
food tastes bad
food tastes good
The food
