Generic and boring,
The movie doesn't take more than five minutes to explain what is going on before we're already at the warehouse
There is pretty much no plot
i wont waste my time recounting all the stupid plot twists in this movie, but there were many, and they led nowhere
tells a story of senseless love and lust 
This film is stupid and lurid
abandoned by any sense of a script.
The plot could have been tightened.
a lot of imagination to invent incredible stories
one of the most unoriginal, cliche-ridden movies I have ever seen.
a very strange movie that is dark and very slow
The story might be the cutest romantic little something ever
I've seen more dialog in a silent film.
movies use plots and twists that seem too "different", forcedly so
exceedingly thin on story. The plot of this thing is pretty standard.
totally undermined by a plot and script of especial inanity.
It wasn't real-life dialog at all.
The story is going nowhere. The storyline was mediocre
a suspense thriller for British movies is like something out of a Ruth Rendell novel, something that has a lot of dark twist and turns and leaves the viewer with an ending that is unlikely to be forgotten anytime soon
it's not even funny, just boring and extremely cheap.
full of random and empty plot twists that add nothing but aimless action.
Speaking of poor writing,.
he humour needs to be completely rewritten.
the most preposterous war time screenplay.
the film has so many eye-rolling lines.
It's a mystery. putrid script. it's just boring.
This is wat comedy is for the director.
a plodding, confused and ultimately pointless story.
The script has a slapdash quality.
he story was sketchy at best. has a better storyline.
does a good enough job but the story is paper-thin.
a thoughtfully prepared script.
The writers should be given credit for coming up with a good variety of story lines.
Unfortunately because of bad writing we never know.
a dumb story. the wafer thin plot that thouroughly resembles a sieve.
The story lacks any punch.
lack of a script and story.
The writers bend over backwards to make Kersey the hero.
In short, this movie lacked any of the suspense and thrill that the first movie provided from a story standpoint
the supposed plot concerned a prospective bridegroom
probably had some sort of writer on board. 
I mean, somebody had to jot down the scene sequence and label the dailies.
doesn't even have anything to do with the plot (wait, what IS the plot?)
did they even have writers for this? 
a horror movie that was completely devoid of plot
Maybe I'm picky, but I like a little dialog with my movies.
This failed exercise in satire 
Bad script destroys everything
Bedroom comedy that rarely ventures into the bedroom
departure from the original story line.
The screenwriter should have chosen one plot or the other.
a routine, derivative plot that you\'ve seen a thousand times before 
rather boring and lack of tension, gore, violence, etc
I was left distractedly guessing what the next plot twist might be long after they had all been revealed
I'm not above wanting my emotions manipulated by a story, it just has to be somewhat plausible and not hackneyed
The climax has a hunky forest ranger trying to get to the teens in time
There is not one minute of suspense here.
The "climax" is such a total joke.
storytelling problems.
it will shock you that someone could put such a bad "plot twist" on film
I found the story trite to the point of inconsequential and the plot lines as underdeveloped.
the script was terrible, no layered plot line, no creativity. 
The plot's been done before. the dialog is unbelievable, writing is mostly rubbish.
the jokes are either cliche or boring.
horrible story. the script is embarrassing.
The movie has an intricate plot about prison corruption that makes absolutely no sense.