Service is fine but in the early hours the things mentioned might not be available to be served on your table.
The staff too are so courteous
quick service
staff were also super courteous chaps who helped us make our night memorable
Service was good.
Very fast and polite service
Good suggestions
Great suggestions. Overall satisfied by the service
Mr. Avishek served us and he was very warm and kind.
they have the perfect staff 
it took us more than 15 mins to get a seat.
Service is extremely fast which is always a plus point.
The service was too slow
Staff courtesy 5 5
The positive is you get very quick service
Additionally I d like to point out that even though they had quite a large number of staff waiting tables we had to wait for a long time to be tended to. They need to train their staff to adhere to customer needs frequently.
Kindly improve the servicing time.
service is just ordinary
The extra courteous service was like a cherry on the cake
Another USP is their service whereby they serve you tons of starters with love and sincerity
great staff quick service
Service will take some time due to crowd
During weekend this place is usually full so expect delay in service.
above average Service
the service was good polite and on time
hope the management pick up the service and its good to go. ', ' Rated So offlate I ve been seeing alot of posts about byg brewski and the beautiful decor caught my eye.Honestly speaking there 
friendly staff
The service is what lost you that one point. 
They had a lot of attitude and made quite evident disgruntled faces. This is such a turn off. While they delayed our order of naan they had the audacity to multiple times tell us that the place is shutting and we have to leave.
Govind and Vijay were very friendly and prompt at serving us.
Also more staffing needs to be placed since place is quite huge.
service is bit slow but manageable
and service was excellent ..
Definitely a long way to go before they show some sign of improvement in their service. 
No matter how beautiful or big a setup is a good experience at any place comes down to the service mostly . Expecting the place to get better with time.
Service is good despite the large crowd.